The Vireo reference implementation is in C++. These are some of the coding guidelines
the source code follows


1. Use C++ as little as little as possible. Many issues can be avoided following
this one step.  The following is a bit of the reasoning behind this guideline.

The runtime is a framework to build larger work on top of using the parallel MoC of G, the
language of Virtual Instruments. As a reference implementation it is a pattern that can
be used when writing implementations for platforms with with languages that capture the
core objectives and complexities of the underlying hardware or software platforms. For
example VHDL or Verilog for FPGAs  JavaScript for browsers.  Code  written as VIs rarely
needs to be rewritten.  In short, Vireo is not a C++ library to base C++ projects on.
It a runtime for VI based projects.

2. When C++ is used It is mainly C.  C++ is used for simple class hierarchies, templates,
better inline notation. When templates (or Macros) are used they should be thin so that
different instances don’t bloat code.  As a note, most of the classes the runtime will
see are defined dynamically at runtime anyway. C++’s more advanced features like RTTI
and Exceptions are not used.

3. Memory management is tracked per ExecutionContext, so Malloc and Free methods on the
Context are used for allocation, not malloc() or new(). The new placement operator is used.

4. The C++ reference parameter notation is not used.

void Foo (Int& num);      // This format is not used


5. For code formatting guidelines for parentheses and braces the Linux  kernel coding style
is followed. With one notable exception. indentation is in steps of 4 spaces, not 8.
If it helps, you can consider these “retina tabs”.  Linus clearly has a good point on
not nesting the code too deeply, none the less, 4 characters leaves additional room
for comments and its our tradition, It allows more room for parallel windows, especially
during comparisons.

  https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/CodingStyle

Since Vireo is C++ the “//” form of comments is more commonly used. Its common for
this form to be avoided in C since it was not officially a standard for plain C
until the C99 spec.

6. Files are encoded in UTF-8, though mostly only simple 7 bit Ascii with no
byte order marks. Each line is terminated with a Ascii line feed character.
The Ascii horizontal tab character is not used. This reduces dependency on platform
or tool settings.

7. If you modify code in a file, adhere to the pattern of the code you modify.
Don’t let your addition look like a bad paint job on a fender bender.
Don’t repaint the whole car to match you new style either.

8. These are guidelines. As a run-time engine the top goal is to provide the best
performance possible. Platform specific language extensions or C programing techniques
are used with ample comments where the benefit is of merit.

9. Some C was used to bootstrap Vireo before LabVIEW could directly target it.
When possible covert that C to G. See Rule 1.

10. For token constants use #defines for c string literals, not character
literals. This helps with token concatenation, and helps pave the way for
for multibyte UTF-8 code points.

11. Doxygen notation is used for documentation generation. 
